We're back. For the second year in a
row, I've partnered with Meta to take
you inside the Performance Summit, and
the dream team is back together. Last
year, we broke down the new way to run
ads, but for 2026, the game has changed
again. In this video, we're breaking
down the exact road map you need to
scale for the rest of the year.
>> Well, you know, like the last year there
was so much
>> press about Andromeda, you know, it was
like Andromeda this, Andromeda that.
>> What a PR campaign. What's that?
>> What a good PR campaign, Andromeda.
>> But there was also just like so much
misconception,
you know? It was like this is the
Andromeda method. This is like
>> like I heard so many people saying like,
"Oh yeah, I'm running Andromeda." Like
as if it's like a choice
>> that you like opt into.
>> Um so I really enjoyed the thorough
breakdown from Matt Steiner today and
like actually walking through how the
whole system works together.
>> Yeah. And like seeing Andromeda up there
as like one of five.
>> Yeah.
>> And like it's just a piece.
>> Yeah. With along with like Lattis and
Gem and the signal uh journey.
>> Yep. Yep.
>> Adaptive model.
>> Yeah.
>> And like really connecting the dots
around like this is the way the system
works now.
>> Like they basically built an LLM version
of their ad delivery platform now. So
like everything is just so much smarter.
>> Yeah. all the GPUs that they've added to
the system. It's just like
you can't really
distill it down to just being, oh, it's
an Andromeda.
>> Yeah. I remember last year it was like
it was AI, it was incrementality, and it
was like measurement and stuff like
that. And I feel like the topics didn't
change, but I love I also really like
that. Like we we've heard about
Andromeda, Gem, and Lattis, but for me,
the signal journey thing was the biggest
piece. It was like pointing out that the
value and even Alex talks about it in
his book, but it's not about one click.
It's about the impressions served
organic and paid and trying the machine
to try to understand what's the best way
to get somebody Maya on Tuesday, on
Thursday, on Friday, on Saturday to get
something done, right?
>> Which I think from a personal
perspective validated the idea that a
ton of ads is not a good thing because
it makes that decision harder.
>> Yeah.
>> But like I also heard probably what I
wanted to hear. You know what I mean?
Yeah. And just like you know it's like
not as simple as people think like okay
I can now I can have my top offunnel
campaign. I can retarget those people
with this ad. I can handle all the
sequencing. But now it's like the
platform does that for you where it
knows every individual's habits. It can
predict which ad to serve that user in
which order in which context. And it's
just like so much more advanced than the
way media buyers used to have to do
things which is like lookalike audiences
and segmenting everything out and like
trying to map the user journey
perfectly. And the reality is the user
journey is completely different for
every single uni uh individual.
>> Yeah. Totally.
>> So it shifts the focus of competitive
advantage.
>> Yeah.
>> Cuz like you're not going to get it from
that which is what you used to do. And
it was a lot easier to run campaigns for
clients and get them results because of
that. Um, yeah. So, switches to other
things.
>> What about you? What was your biggest
takeaway?
>> Um,
I'm not sure it's a takeaway in terms of
something new, but the thing that
resonated with me the most was what
Preston from Chubbies said
>> um around
not everything being direct response and
factoring in the brand element. I think
us sitting around here, we get that
because we're
>> we've got personal brands and we
understand the value of brand and
creators. So I think when I'm
emphasizing that to people I speak to
running ads probably is easier message
coming from someone that's done it. But
that really resonated and just the
importance of that over the long run.
>> And I'm finding that more and more when
I'm being asked questions from
particularly businesses that are new to
running ads or even new businesses and
they're operating in a really
competitive market
>> and I would just straight up say to them
now like if you don't have brand this
will not work.
>> Yeah. You are not going to sell your
apparel or your supplements if you don't
have brands. So that either means you
need to build it internally or you need
to leverage other existing brands. You
need to partner with creators etc.
Otherwise just it's just not going to
work.
>> Yeah. You don't have the moat.
>> They they don't have the moat and they
are competing against businesses that
do.
>> Yeah. Absolutely.
>> Um in that instance. So that just that
just really resonated. That was probably
my favorite part.
>> No, I love that. And also like the fact
that like your spend should not be 100%
focused on trying to get a sale. You
need to build relationships, which I
think is a really big thing because
going to a DTOC brand and saying, "Hey,
10% 20% of your budget shouldn't be on a
conversion campaign." They're going to
look at you crosseyed, but if you do
that, you're going to be chubbies versus
somebody else that's not in business
anymore.
>> But it's also like I've been doing
internet marketing long enough that I
remember going through courses and
consuming content
>> where the narrative was like, "Oh, look
at us smart internet marketers just
focusing on direct response. those silly
big brands all running brand
advertising. They don't know what
they're doing and that they're like the
biggest companies in the world and it's
like what may maybe they do maybe they
do. So I think that the that narrative
is coming full circle um around like
actually brand could be tremendously
valuable and it's probably the only
thing that has like enduring value
insulates you against platform changes
and things like that.
>> And I think the really cool bridge for
like performance marketers to go into
brand is with those new I would say new
ad types like meta moment maker the real
trending ad. I feel like as performance
marketers, we can really like
understand, oh, that's like an ad format
type, but it's like really it's really
conceptualized for me the ability to tap
into like keep culture moments, which I
think as like a performance marketer, I
don't tend to think about, but like now
that they've productized it, I'm like,
okay, this is actually something really
tangible I can bring to my clients and
like my brands on like a performance
level and some like a way they can tap
into those brand moments.
>> Yeah. Like the Target example they gave
felt like back in the day when you could
buy a trend on Twitter for like 100k for
a day, right? Like and you would just
insert this massive distribution thing
on something that just like a complete
takeover in a way that you haven't
really seen on the platform before. Does
that make sense?
>> Yeah. What is that your biggest
takeaway?
>> I mean I think it's the thing that I'm
excited the most to like talk about my
brands with. And I will say too, the
thing that I really loved that was
underscored is like when you are working
with brands for partnership ads, like
give them a list of bullet points, give
them like a highlevel overview, but
brief like a big brief, a big script is
like not the way. And I felt like that
really landed for me today particularly
because I just got feedback from a brand
for like a partnership ad and like they
completely kind of like pulled the rug
out from under me and they were like you
know go with it whatever you want to do
we trust you and then they were like
well actually we want you to like make
this product about
>> who who was it? Who was it? [laughter]
>> No, I think they the
>> a SAS brand is all I'll say.
>> A come on there SAS brands. I I think
the speaker on stage today, I don't
remember which one so I don't want to
false attribute it was like
>> the creator audience knows what they say
>> and if you script it they will know that
it's not genuine and you lose the whole
value of it completely
>> cuz like as a creator when I am making
content like express expressly to be
like boosted on partnership ads like I
am thinking from the perspective of like
okay it needs to really resonate with my
audience because I know that like the
initial seed lead audience is going to
be for me.
>> And like
>> candidly, I know that the buck stops and
like the brand partnerships stop if I am
making just like ads for
people.
>> So like I'm always thinking about it
from the perspective of like what is
going to be truly helpful for my
audience and can people find value from
my content even if they're not
necessarily interested in the product.
Yeah.
>> And like most brands are down and most
brands are like interested in that, but
like still there's like this rigidness
to like the brief process.
>> I've had a handful of brands that I've
done some content for where I've like
delivered a script and they give it back
to me and they clearly just uploaded it
to Claude.
>> Yeah.
>> And then I'm just like rolling my eyes
like you really want me to say this like
it's not this, it's this. [laughter]
Like everyone's negative.
>> Oh my god. Yeah. What what about you
two? What was your biggest takeaway? You
want to go first, Tiffany?
>> Yeah, I'll go first. Um, I think
reminders were something that really
came to me a lot here, especially in the
context of a business owner and really
how meta tools have really reduced the
barriers to entry for business owners. I
just think things used to be so
complicated even for us in general.
there were so many controls and
constraints and overoptimizing we were
doing in certain areas uh to kind of not
game the system but outsmart the system
in a way and that's just not necessary
anymore. It's really clear now that AI
has really enabled us to kind of focus
more on what creative and data are we
supplying the systems with. And that's
the same messaging that I'm going to be
really just taking back to my audience
as well, which is like let the system do
its thing. what you should be focusing
is on is on creative diversification and
how do you work with creators and when I
also think about there's a few things
that have become easier so much work was
spent in trying to you know beat the
system in a way back in the day now AI
is covering that and then another side
is that finding creators were was so
much work when I started hiring creators
in 2016 I used to go to Instagram go to
the hashtag search through people then
try to calculate their engagement rate
do all these things. It was just hours
and hours on end. And now I'm like, you
all don't even understand how lucky you
are that creator market exists here for
you. So just thinking about how much
work was involved and how much time we
spent on the ground doing things that
are more automated now is super super
powerful. And then I think what I really
hope business owners and and just
marketers in general consider is how do
I just create really great relationships
with creators so that I can get the
content get more and more content out
there and then how do I leverage AI like
Genaii tools to really scale that.
>> And I love it that the barrier to entry
thing. I feel like it's easier and
easier for somebody to spend 50 bucks a
day and make it worth it.
>> Yeah. The barrier the barrier to entry
is so low. The thing that I loved was
the conversion API update that they did
recently. I don't think people
understand how impactful that can be for
brands to be able to quickly get the
signal they need off the bat. And then
also that is feeding off of other
aspects of the AI um integrations for
example like the feed and the catalog
updates that they've made that I thought
was a really really impactful thing um
that they have rolled out to advertisers
and I didn't realize actually how
impactful the product level data was to
be informing optimization which if you
think about it of course it makes sense
like they want to use every point of
data that they have about your business
and so now I'm looking back on my
clients and I'm like I need to go
optimize these cataloges to make sure
they're in the right place, you know.
Um, and at the same time, that plus
partnership ads hub that's rolled out
recently. Um, you you guys both
mentioned this, but that has been such a
huge overhaul, I think, for just the
Facebook ads ecosystem. Um, alignment
like true alignment between incentives
between brands and creators and Meta
actually helping and making a tool
that's like very effective in connecting
them, I think, has been incredible. It's
something that I've been using a lot
recently in similar way to you said of
like completely eliminating that stress
of trying to manage this crazy
partnership in the past that and plus
all these just AI integrations have been
really really awesome to see. I'm very
excited about that.
>> I I don't think enough noise has been
made about it's probably our fault. Um
has been made about like the conversions
API oneclick install. I think that's
like a really big deal for a lot of
>> a lot of people a lot of you know
>> people on Fiverr now needing to find new
avenues of making money right [laughter]
>> does anybody know what actually like cuz
I haven't done it yet but does it cover
as if you went and did like a whole
>> developer should do
>> it I've I've seen it do that
>> yeah I've seen it where it's essentially
with the one click it is
>> I don't know if it's 100% all the time
right because it's new but like it
should do that
>> but I've I've seen match rates go from
like low sevens to like high
>> eights.
And is it like you have to log into your
back end or like how does it actually
integrate?
>> I mean I think it was what I've seen it
was a button inside the business
manager.
>> You have to you have to have the pixel
just the base code installed on the site
and that's like all the permission
basically that's required and then so
met can't do that for you but once
that's in
>> so it's kind of piggyback piggybacking
off of the
>> cuz it'll also sort pixel setup. So like
it'll improve that too.
>> Yeah. So it's like back in the day when
you would select advanced matching
>> so you could tap into the greater data.
Yeah. And and what you're talking about
with the partnerships and what you're
talking about about the moat made me
think of like they said you know then
your network is your net worth and a
brand defining yourself by the partners
that you work with and really like
letting that define the ecosystem of how
people should think about your business.
Your moat could be easily defined by
having the right creators and it could
be destroyed by not getting people that
are on brand and investing and
essentially investing your ad dollars
and destroying brand equity. So I think
there's an importance there.
>> Yes, I think there's too much fear
around that though.
>> Okay.
>> Like I think it's quite hard to like
you've got to really be stupid to work
with creators that are going to
>> tempt me. I can be this is like
>> most of the creator partnerships that
don't work. It's just no one cared.
>> Sure.
>> It's not
>> brand spend.
>> We got famous examples for like for the
most part. I think it's so I think I've
had that push back and I'm like like
you'll be fine. Yeah. Like just don't be
an idiot.
>> No, I love that cuz Yeah, it's a big
fear.
>> I think what's interesting too is
actually the affiliate play then now
with like creators being able to like
link directly in content. Like I'm
really excited about that because I
think that that's going to actually be
another great avenue for brands to like
be able to activate maybe creator
partners that they wouldn't have thought
of working with in the past if they're
already seeing a lot of great traction
organically. Like a number of brands
that I work with like one of our like
creative flywheels is okay it's working
really well on Tik Tok shop move it over
to Meta like performs really well. And I
think this is going to be like another
one of those type of flywheels that I'm
particularly really excited about from
both the advertising perspective and the
creator perspective because you know
like a brand is going to look at me like
if I wanted to do like a fashion
partnership or a beauty partnership
they're like no dice like with this like
advertising girl but now I'm like hey
like I can actually kind of like flex a
little bit in and out of that. So, I
think it's just a really cool
opportunity for more like creative
diversity and like getting a lot more
net new eyeballs through like creators
that are already performing that you
probably wouldn't have considered
before.
>> It's about the access too cuz like like
I'm personally making content as a
creator in partnerships where I'm doing
it for free and getting the affiliate
backend and then my because the ad
dollars are then pushing out my
Instagram account. So basically brands
are paying to blow me up
>> and I'm getting the affiliate revenue.
So I'm willing to do that for free and
it's like people are able to access
individuals because of that opportunity.
So if you believe in something but the
brand's like we can't pay you. And it's
like well
>> I'll make you a video, give me 10% of
every sale and then like you'll blow me
up. It's like a a good exchange for
brands that otherwise might not be able
to get anybody.
>> It's derisking it. It's taking the risk
out of the brand because
>> it's a good incentive.
>> I'm not so sure.
>> Okay. Well,
>> I'm gonna be controversial.
>> Okay. I think I think we gota Yeah.
>> I've seen multiple instances where a
brand has done a deal like that with a
creator.
>> Mhm.
>> And I think when it's in an affiliate
structure, so the creator can see
exactly the sales they're generating,
the return, etc.
>> If they're big enough, it becomes very
easy for the creator to go, I'm going to
do that.
>> Sure.
>> I'm going to replicate. I'm gonna sell
that thing that I'm promoting under my
own brand name.
>> So, I think it would it drisks it for
really small brands that don't have much
budget because they're paying a
percentage of what they generate.
>> But I would not advise it to most
brands. I'd be like, pay a flat fee,
keep the creator. I mean, I'm a creator
as well, right? So, I'd very much both
sides keep the numbers from the creator.
>> Yeah. I just like if you have them, it's
just so easy in many instances for a
creator to go, I'll just do that myself.
I am low confidence on like creators
doing that.
>> Yeah. Also, also like if the creator can
replicate your entire business with one
ad, build a better business.
>> Yeah.
>> So maybe we can get like one insight
from everything like an action item from
today for anybody like what you've got
that somebody should take away with.
What can they do to be better tomorrow
from what you learned today? Do you want
to start Tiffany? You were nodding your
head. I'd say the the biggest thing is
the experiment,
test, learn, iterate. I'd say iteration
is the big thing. Something iteration is
what gets missed the most is receiving
the data and then just being like this
is great data or cool. I don't know what
to do with it. You have to iterate. It
has to teach you something and then you
have to decide, okay, this is what I'm
going to do next. And I think that's
what gets missed. So it's like you can
see information from a conversion lift
test or anything and be like, okay,
that's great. But it's what you do next
with that information. So, I would say
uh learn uh experiment, iterate.
>> I'm actually going to jump in right
after cuz ours is like super similar.
Like I think the big thing that I took
away is like making sure that your data
actually turns into insights and
learnings and like you walk away with
that and like you're actually like
translating that properly to your team.
So like you and I girl,
>> there action. [laughter] I love it. Max,
I feel like you're about to say
something. Yeah, mine was very This mic
mine is very similar to what you guys
are saying in the same way. It actually
kind of takes it a step further going
into I forget the exact names of the
people, but it was the guy who wrote the
book um
>> Alex CMO of Meta.
>> Yes, CMO of Meta. Shout out to Alex.
[laughter]
what what he what they both were saying
on the panel was to because of the fact
that we have so much AI enabled tech you
really have the ability to play more and
I'm kind of you know extracting that
insight from them because I really think
that the idea of being flexible and
playing with the data in terms of okay
you can take a ad and then say okay well
what do we learn from this persona or
this specific hook or insight and a lot
of people will take that and they'll
make the exact same ads like a hundred
times and they're not stretching the
creative concept out enough. They're not
playing enough with these ideas and how
can you find a creator that aligns with
your brand and then give them creative
autonomy to create something that you
would have never ever generated on your
own. Being able to push your team into
those areas where they're able to have
play and not being overly stressed about
the minutia of the ad account
optimizations I think is extremely
important especially on the creative
team of course. Um, that was one of the
biggest takeaways I had because it it
was more inspiring honestly as a point
from a technology aspect takeaway. I
would say the biggest one is like run a
conversion lift study. If you've never
run an incrementality test, you really
don't fully understand uh the impact or
the causal impact of your advertising.
And so I'm a big fan of that and it's
free in the back end in the experiment
section of Ads Manager. So go run a CLS.
>> I love that. What about you, Caleb?
>> I was going to say play as well. Um,
actually, but like cuz I cuz
[clears throat] I agree like you know
some of the biggest wins I've had
throughout my career advertising on the
platform have been from testing out a
new feature from testing out a new
creative that like I saw somewhere and I
was like oh I want to try this and I
feel like when advertisers get stuck
it's because they're just kind of so
they're too rigid
>> and they need to be willing to test and
learn and like
>> make mistakes and like maybe even like
carve out budget
>> Yeah. Yes.
>> In their ad accounts for
>> I've always had 10% to do weird
>> Yeah. This is my R&D budget. I'm going
to like if I'm blowing it and like maybe
I'll have the like 10x 100x win
>> once a quarter from that budget.
>> That's enough.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Absolutely. What about you, Ben?
>> Can I go last cuz I've got two options.
I don't want to necessarily do the same
one in case you take
>> I was trying to Okay, got it. I love it.
Um I would say I love the play. I love
everything else. I'll go into a more
technical aspect which was the very
first thing with Matt Stein or the data.
I think what I got out of that that is
not communicated well by meta is the
signals and I don't think they really
talk about the application of it but how
valuable that is and it's only more
exponentially valuable now. The signals
isn't I've got good match rate. It's do
you want new customers? Create an event
that is new customers. Do you want to
sell more couches instead of love seeds?
Make an event that is couches instead of
love seats. Like your ad doesn't always
sell what's featured. So if you have a
clear definition of success, it's
something other than lead or purchase.
Define what it is or understand that
you're not teaching the machine how to
do a good job.
>> Yeah. I think that something that they
could have done a little bit better is
like they said like tell us what you
want. And I don't think every advertiser
knows how to tell the customer.
>> It's not purchase. It's new customer.
Yeah. What about you?
>> Okay. That's that's really helpful cuz
that was going to be one of them. So
that leaves me one other option.
>> All right. Good.
>> Um
>> I would say that
coming to a day like this and it's so
much information and we'll all dissect
it up and put it out there and so will
Meta. I think that anyone wanting to
implement this stuff because you the
originally phrase is how do you get
better tomorrow? Yeah.
>> So anyone implement this stuff can be
really overwhelmed. So my my number one
piece of advice would be like you are
not the best to do all the jobs that are
required to make it really work. So I
mean just an example my agency spent
more than hund00 million on metads last
year most of which was beyond video ads.
I don't know how to record. I don't know
how to edit. Um I don't know how to
install a metapixel conversions API
beyond a very basic setup. There's tons
of elements that I think marketers try
and do all of it and you get much better
results if you go, I don't really
understand hooks. I'm going to work with
a creator who does. That's how they
became a creator. They're really good at
video ads. Or I'm not I don't really
understand um how to map out the the
customer lifetime journey after that
initial transaction. How can we can we
bring that in? So, it's probably a bit
of a left field piece of advice, but
that's what that's my biggest takeaway.
When you go through all that, you think
like, let's do it all, but not one
person.
>> No, I love that. It's be a specialist
and hire where you're weak
>> because you'll never catch up. It's
moving way too fast. They had full-on
teams with homework to keep up with AI.
All right, I think that's going to be
our time cuz we're getting we're getting
the red light like seven times.
[laughter] So, anyway, I just want to
say thank you to everybody. This is
super fun. Thank you. And thank you for
having us. And uh All right. Awesome.
This was fun.
>> Thank you.
>> This was
>> Yeah. [screaming]
>> [music]